---
layout: event
start_date: 2022-09-30 18:00:00 +0800
category: event
posting_date: 2022-09-28 22:10:15 +0800
tags:
- magic
- music
- forte
- '2022'
- lasallian
- youth
- orchestra
- songs
- symphonies
- enchanting
- journey
title: Forte 2022
location: AnimoSpace
end_date: 2022-10-01 18:00:00 +0800
time: 6:00 PM
featured_image: "/images/posts/forte.png"

---
**The Magic in Music**

By Aileen Ong

  
“Music gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.” —Plato

As a person who enjoys watching films, I noticed that some musical films can be very impactful even though the plot is just simple. As someone who plays games, I also noticed that a gaming experience can be lacking without any music. As an advertising student, I learned that ads in social media or television also can’t be that effective with any sounds. This is the power of music, life can feel empty without it.

Music is so powerful that it can work wonders because it can convey emotions and it can paint a picture to the one who listens. It can be like a time machine that takes you back in time to revisit your childhood memories or your other memorable moments in life. These can be experienced especially when you watch an orchestra. As you watch, you’ll see the very people who’ll be producing the magic that will captivate your mind, and touch your heart. You’ll see their expressions and their hard work as they soothe you with their work of art. With this, grab this chance to immerse yourself with the sound of magic by registering for FORTE 2022: An Enchanting Journey of Songs and Symphonies, produced by Lasallian Youth Orchestra. You can find songs from Genshin Impact, Pixar and Ghibli studio that may sound familiar to you. Let the melodies tune your hearts again and bring you to life as you enjoy the dancing notes that will be played.

FORTE 2022 will stream on September 30 at 6 pm via Animospace and on October 1 at 6 pm via Ticket2Me. For Lasallians, you can use your DLSU Arts Pass to watch it for free. Here are the registration details:

September 30 2022 6 pm via Animospace: [AnimoSpace Ticket Forms](https://forte.lyorchestra.com/animospace)  
October 1, 2022 6 pm in Ticket2Me: [Ticket2Me Ticket Forms](https://forte.lyorchestra.com/ticket2me)

\#Forte2022  
\#AnEnchantingJourneyOfSongsAndSymphonies

Follow our social media for updates!  
📌 Facebook: Lasallian Youth Orchestra  
📌 Instagram: @LYOrchestra  
📌 YouTube: Lasallian Youth Orchestra  
📌 LinkedIn: Lasallian Youth Orchestra