---
layout: event
start_date: 2023-07-01 07:00:00 +0800
category: event
posting_date: 2023-06-26 12:00:00 +0800
tags:
- DLSU
- AIESEC
title: 'Forte 2023: Music in Time'
location: TYA, De La Salle University - Manila Campus
end_date:
time: ''
featured_image: "/images/posts/forte-2023.jpg"

---

**About the Lasallian Youth Orchestra (LYO)**

The LYO is recognized as the official premier orchestra of De La Salle University. LYO is composed of student artists who strive to embody Lasallian excellence and are dedicated to honing and perfecting their musical skill and talent. LYO aims to be a globally renowned group of musicians standing at the forefront of contemporary music in order to promote the talent of young Filipino musicians. LYO also always strives to showcase these young musician's talent and development through our productions and performances.

**Forte 2023**

Forte is The Lasallian Youth Orchestra's flagship even and annual major production. It is part of LYO's continuous journey to embody Lasallian excellence and to hone the skills of committed Lasallian student artists, all the while making music a memorable experience for people.

*Forte 2023: Music in Tempo* aims to give its audience a magnificent and extraordinary step back into time with the power of music. From classical to contemporary, join us as we go through the various musical pieces of the ages.

Forte 2023 will be held live at the De La Salle University - Manila Teresa Yuchengo Auditorium on July 1, 2023, with an online viewing of the live performance to be broadcasted on July 15, 2023. Tickets for both shoows will be priced at Php 350.00 and will be available through Ticket2Me. A portion ofo the proceeds will be donated to the organization's chosen beneficiary.
