---
layout: event
start_date: 2023-03-03 07:00:00 +0800
category: event
posting_date: 2023-02-28 16:05:36 +0800
tags:
- event
- animatiC
- ACBEDFair2023
title: 'AnimatiC: The Multiverse'
location: Assumption College San Lorenzo
end_date: 2023-03-04 22:00:00 +0800
time: ''
featured_image: "/images/posts/animatic-2023.png"

---
**ASSUMPTION COLLEGE BED FAIR IS BACK ONSITE THIS YEAR WITH ANIMATIC: THE MULTIVERSE**

Write-up by: Guia Mistades

Poster by: Lia Sheker

**Assumption College BED Fair “Animatic: The Multiverse” invites you to join in and support young talents, booths, and many more!**

_All it takes is faith, trust, and… Annie the TV?_

More than their red plaid skirts and their blue, gold, and white chants, AC is also known for hosting its annual Basic Education Division Fair. This year, the BED Fair **Animatic: The Multiverse** will be held this coming **March 3-4, 2023** on the **Assumption College school grounds**! The funds that will be earned from this year’s BED Fair will be given to their chosen beneficiaries; Thallo.MNL, Assumption Forever, SCB-A Fund, and Jubilee Learning Center (JLC).

Filled with **animation-themed booths, magical performances, and concessionaires** that will take you to a whole other Multiverse, this fair has it all for you!

**TALENT COMPETITION, BED FAIR CONCERT & TICKETS**

Happening on the **Assumption College Assumpta Court grounds** from **12:30 PM - 3:30 PM** on March 4, 2023, is the AC BED Fair Talent Competition! Performers such as SUNVALLEY, Lazy Sundays, Thermo, Kellie & Iya, Avery, Mais Con Yelo, Viceroy, and Colinas will surely convince you to take the remote and flip to channel AnimatiC: The Multiverse.

On the evening of **March 4, 2023**, the fairgoers will be mesmerized by the magic words, or rather, songs of the breathtaking AnimatiC: The Multiverse line-up from **6:30 PM-9:30 PM.** Get ready as Halina, Moondream City, Brisom, Chicharon, the vowels they orbit, Leanne & Narra, and Sunkissed Lola take the stage!

Fairground tickets will cost **PHP 350** for the public fair **main grounds**, and **PHP 250** for the public fair **satellite room**. Those who **walk in for the public fair** may pay **PHP 400** for a ticket. For those who would like to go to **both** the **talent competition** and the **concert**, you will need to **purchase 2 fair tickets**. You may visit this link to reserve a ticket for the fair: bit.ly/AnimatiCPublicTicketReservation

\#AnimatiC #TheMultiverse #ACBEDFair2023
